README.md, before:

<a id="readme-top"></a>
<div align="center">

[![Contributors][contributors-shield]][contributors-url]
[![Forks][forks-shield]][forks-url]
[![Stargazers][stars-shield]][stars-url]
[![Issues][issues-shield]][issues-url]
[![License][license-shield]][license-url]

</div>

<!-- PROJECT LOGO -->
<br />
<div align="center">
  <img src="logo.svg" width="400">
  <p align="center">
    <br />
    A Non-Euclidean Rendering Engine.
  </p>
</div>

---

**Hyper** is an experimental rendering engine exploring non-Euclidean spaces.  
It starts with the **Poincaré disk (2D)** and evolves into a **hybrid 3D engine** where X and Y are hyperbolic, while Z remains Euclidean. 





[contributors-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/cocosol007/hyper.svg?style=for-the-badge
[contributors-url]: https://github.com/cocosol007/hyper/graphs/contributors
[forks-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/forks/cocosol007/hyper.svg?style=for-the-badge
[forks-url]: https://github.com/cocosol007/hyper/network/members
[stars-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/stars/cocosol007/hyper.svg?style=for-the-badge
[stars-url]: https://github.com/cocosol007/hyper/stargazers
[issues-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/issues/cocosol007/hyper.svg?style=for-the-badge
[issues-url]: https://github.com/cocosol007/hyper/issues
[license-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/license/cocosol007/hyper.svg?style=for-the-badge
[license-url]: https://github.com/cocosol007/hyper/blob/main/LICENCE

Commit message:

finalize introduction documentation and add a table of contents

README.md, after:

<a id="readme-top"></a>
<div align="center">

[![Contributors][contributors-shield]][contributors-url]
[![Forks][forks-shield]][forks-url]
[![Stargazers][stars-shield]][stars-url]
[![Issues][issues-shield]][issues-url]
[![License][license-shield]][license-url]

</div>

<!-- PROJECT LOGO -->
<br />
<div align="center">
  <img src="logo.svg" width="400">
  <p align="center">
    <br />
    A Non-Euclidean Rendering Engine.
  </p>
</div>

---

**Hyper** is an experimental rendering engine exploring non-Euclidean spaces.  
It starts with the **Poincaré disk (2D)** and evolves into a **hybrid 3D engine** where X and Y are hyperbolic, while Z
remains Euclidean.

## Overview and Objectives

This project is a 3D rendering engine using ray-casting to navigate an infinite maze within a hyperbolic world
visualized through the Poincaré disk model. Rather than a mere puzzle, it serves as an educational tool—an interactive
tutorial on non-Euclidean spaces, hyperbolic tiling, and maze algorithms, brought to life with videos and animations to
make abstract concepts accessible.

## Table of Contents

| Chapter | Title                                        |
|---------|----------------------------------------------|
| 0       | [introduction](docs/introduction.md)         |
| I       | Basic mathematics in the Poincaré disk model |

[contributors-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/cocosol007/hyper.svg?style=for-the-badge

[contributors-url]: https://github.com/cocosol007/hyper/graphs/contributors

[forks-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/forks/cocosol007/hyper.svg?style=for-the-badge

[forks-url]: https://github.com/cocosol007/hyper/network/members

[stars-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/stars/cocosol007/hyper.svg?style=for-the-badge

[stars-url]: https://github.com/cocosol007/hyper/stargazers

[issues-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/issues/cocosol007/hyper.svg?style=for-the-badge

[issues-url]: https://github.com/cocosol007/hyper/issues

[license-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/license/cocosol007/hyper.svg?style=for-the-badge

[license-url]: https://github.com/cocosol007/hyper/blob/main/LICENCE
